How dare they do that?
Mommy, I will fight them
I'm going with you to protect Mommy
And so forth.
Then let's go to the big brother to discuss it.
It's too late.
Big brother, something bad happened.
Mom was beaten
Go and save mom
This is what happens when you go against me
Why are you laughing?
What am I laughing at?
You've been trying to target me these days
I can't figure it out.
But just now I suddenly realized
The more you bully me, the more guilty you feel
What am I guilty of?
Hiroshi said you saved his life five years ago
That's why he brought you Cinderella back to the table
Home villa but never married you
You are so afraid that your position will be unstable
Is it because there was another engine five years ago?
It wasn't you who saved his life
Shut up. I saved his life
More nonsense
You see I won't kill you
Mommy Mommy
Two treasures and three treasures
Why are you here?
Mommy, you're bleeding
Bad guy, how dare you hit my mommy, I'll fight with you
It's you two again, brat
The last battle hasn't been counted with the two of you yet
Don't take my baby